content.md, before:

## The Calculator

The **ASI rows** show what you would get with the given token amount at the moment of the ASI swap, along with the converted USD value based on the current price of FET.

The _All Markets_ scenario uses current spot prices fetched from [Coingecko](https://coingecko.com), ignoring the actual liquidity situation but these values should be pretty close to what you would get on big centralized exchanges like Coinbase or Kraken, who continue to trade OCEAN/AGIX/FET.

Since July 1st, the official migration tool can be used to guarantee fixed ratios independent of any market forces. The _Migration Tool_ scenario uses these ratios for showing the FET amount:

- [singularitydao.ai/migrate-asi](https://singularitydao.ai/migrate-asi)

The swap estimations for _Uniswap_ scenario are fetched directly from [Uniswap](https://uniswap.org) v3 routes onchain, reflecting the actual liquidity situation for direct swaps between shown tokens.

All displayed values should be seen as estimates. Except for the fixed ASI exchange rate, all other values are constantly changing based on market conditions. There is no guarantee the displayed values reflect the value of your investment once the actual ASI swap mechanism is released. Use at your own risk.

## Merge Details

The ASI website and docs provide insights into most key points:

- [superintelligence.io](https://www.superintelligence.io)
- [ASI Vision Paper](https://docs.superintelligence.io/artificial-superintelligence-alliance/artificial-superintelligence-asi-alliance-vision-paper)

You can find more reasoning about the token merge in every team's announcement post:

- [Ocean Protocol: Ocean Protocol is joining the Superintelligence Alliance](https://blog.oceanprotocol.com/ocean-protocol-is-joining-the-superintelligence-alliance-767c82693f24)
- [Fetch.ai: Superintelligence Alliance Token Merge $ASI](https://fetch.ai/blog/superintelligence-alliance-token-merge-asi)
- [SingularityNET: Introducing the Artificial Superintelligence Alliance](https://blog.singularitynet.io/introducing-the-artificial-superintelligence-alliance-40a4dea01e62)

## Found an Issue?

Any numbers looking wrong or anything missing? Feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/kremalicious/asi-calculator/issues) on GitHub.

Commit message:

add CUDOS calculations (#40)
* add CUDOS calculations

* content updates

* token order switch

* uniswap quote fix

* list & link community proposals

* migration tool scenario simplification

* rename Uniswap label

* ratio harmonization

* buy ratio fix

* copy updates

* copy updates

* default to 1000 CUDOS

content.md, after:

## The Calculator

The **ASI values** show what you would get with the given token amount and using the official [migration tool](https://singularitydao.ai/migrate-asi) with its fixed ratios, along with the converted USD value based on the current price of FET.

The **All Markets scenario** uses current spot prices fetched from [Coingecko](https://coingecko.com), ignoring the actual liquidity situation but these values should be pretty close to what you would get on big centralized exchanges like Coinbase or Kraken, who continue to trade OCEAN/AGIX/CUDOS/FET.

The **Migration Tool scenario** shows the selected tokens in isolation for more clarity.

The swap estimations for **Uniswap scenario** are fetched directly from [Uniswap](https://uniswap.org) routes onchain, reflecting the actual liquidity situation for direct swaps between shown tokens.

All displayed values should be seen as estimates. Except for the fixed ASI exchange rate, all other values are constantly changing based on market conditions. There is no guarantee the displayed values reflect the value of your investment once the actual ASI swap mechanism is released. Use at your own risk.

## Merge Details

The ASI website and docs provide insights into most key points:

- [superintelligence.io](https://www.superintelligence.io)
- [ASI Vision Paper](https://docs.superintelligence.io/artificial-superintelligence-alliance/artificial-superintelligence-asi-alliance-vision-paper)
- [Official Migration Tool](https://singularitydao.ai/migrate-asi)

### Team Announcements

You can find more reasoning about the token merge in every team's announcement post:

- [Ocean Protocol: Ocean Protocol is joining the Superintelligence Alliance](https://blog.oceanprotocol.com/ocean-protocol-is-joining-the-superintelligence-alliance-767c82693f24)
- [Fetch.ai: Superintelligence Alliance Token Merge $ASI](https://fetch.ai/blog/superintelligence-alliance-token-merge-asi)
- [SingularityNET: Introducing the Artificial Superintelligence Alliance](https://blog.singularitynet.io/introducing-the-artificial-superintelligence-alliance-40a4dea01e62)
- [CUDOS: Artificial Superintelligence Alliance Proposes Addition of Cloud Compute Infrastructure Provider CUDOS](https://www.cudos.org/blog/artificial-superintelligence-alliance-proposes-addition-of-cloud-compute)

### Community Proposals

| Proposal | Status |
|----------|----------|
| [ASI-01: FET to ASI Migration](https://www.mintscan.io/fetchai/proposals/26)    | ✅ Passed    |
| [ASI-02: AGIX merge into ASI](https://www.mintscan.io/fetchai/proposals/27)    | ✅ Passed    |
| [ASI-03: OCEAN merge into ASI](https://www.mintscan.io/fetchai/proposals/28)    | ✅ Passed    |
| [Approve allASI as Migration Mechanic](https://www.mintscan.io/osmosis/proposals/810)    | ✅ Passed    |
| [Integration of CUDOS into the Artificial Superintelligence Alliance](https://www.mintscan.io/cudos/proposals/21)    | 🕕 Voting...    |


## Found an Issue?

Any numbers looking wrong or anything missing? Feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/kremalicious/asi-calculator/issues) on GitHub.
